{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Webdings;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green108\blue108;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green74\blue188;
\red13\green77\blue230;\red30\green99\blue17;\red84\green1\blue0;\red49\green164\blue47;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 From: 
\b0 \cf3 "Kollet, Stefan" <s.kollet@fz-juelich.de>\

\b \cf2 Subject: 
\b0 \cf3 Re: model incomparison\

\b \cf2 Date: 
\b0 \cf3 06 maggio 2015 17:29:22 GMT+02:00\

\b \cf2 To: 
\b0 \cf3 "giacomo.bertoldi@eurac.edu" <giacomo.bertoldi@eurac.edu>\

\b \cf2 Cc: 
\b0 \cf3 Riccardo Rigon <rccrd.rgn@gmail.com>, "Claudio.Paniconi@ete.inrs.ca" <Claudio.Paniconi@ete.inrs.ca>, Emanuele Cordano <emanuele.cordano@gmail.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Hi Giacomo,\
good to hear that you are participating. Couple of months would be just fine.\'a0\
\
I am sending around an email in a minute to the modelers with a slight change in rainfall duration for the superslab (3 instead of 2 hours) and a revised version of the Borden test case.\
\
Below are my answers to your questions.\
\
Best,\
Stefan\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 There are gridded DEMs available for the two test cases?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 The DEMs are on the web ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://hpsc-terrsys.de/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 hpsc-terrsys.de}})\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
The\'a0Super-Slab seems a little more complex to configure.\'a0\
\
We need somehow discretize the 2nd slab in many different soil classes to obtain a similar geometry. It this ok?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Yes.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
What do you mean exactly for\'a0critical depth in\'a0overland flow ?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Not sure what you are referring too.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Hydrostatic conditions are assumed vertical \'a0or slope normal? To have an impermeable bottom, it is required that the slope-normal velocity = 0. But then pressure distribution could not be hydrostatic ... a cosine should be ther \'85\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 hydrostatic vertically\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Why did you choose a \'a0so low soil porosity for the super slab??\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 Not sure why we did.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Discharge at the end of the 2nd slab. We cannot have this directly in outptut. We need a post-process of the water level and recalculate externally with the Manning equation.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 That\'92s OK.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
What do you mean exactly with\'a0top model layer ?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 The model layer right at the land surface\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
Thanks!\
\
\
\
On 17/apr/2015, at 08:53, Kollet, Stefan wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 Dear Riccardo,\
this is great news; I feel GEOtop would be a good addition to the project. I am attaching the up-to-date descriptions of the v-catchment and superslab test cases. Next week, I will send around a revised description of the Borden case too. Let me know if you have any questions.\
\
Best,\
Stefan\
\
\
\
\
\
Am 16.04.2015 um 21:51 schrieb Riccardo Rigon <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rccrd.rgn@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 rccrd.rgn@gmail.com}}>:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf7 \
Dear Claudio,\
\
Thank you for the invitation. Yes I am willing that GEOtop enter in the group of models tested, and I think it can be a food contribution. I will discuss the topic with Giacomo in order to see who can materially do the simulations, also not to overcrowd the group that, O think should be restricted at most to a couple of guys of our large group.\
\
Ciao,\
\
Ric\
\
Sent from my iPad\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.unitn.it/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs20 \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Universit\uc0\u65533  di Trento}}
\f1\fs20 \ul  /{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://web.unitn.it/dicam"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5  DICAM}} / {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://web.unitn.it/cudam"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ulc5 CUDAM}}\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "x-msg://202/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Via Mesiano, 77, 38123,\'a0 Trento}} (ITALIA). Ph: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+390461882614-10"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 +390461882614-10}} Fax:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:+390461882672"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 +390461882672}}\
info: About {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://abouthydrology.blogspot.it/search/label/Me-Myself-I"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Me}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://abouthydrology.blogspot.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 AboutHydrology}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://moovida.github.io/jgrasstools/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 JGrasstools}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://abouthydrology.blogspot.it/2015/02/geotop-essentials.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 GEOtop}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://abouthydrology.blogspot.it/2015/03/jgrass-newage-essentials.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 JGrass-NewAGE}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf7 \
On Apr 16, 2015, at 7:58 PM, Paniconi Claudio <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Claudio.Paniconi@ete.inrs.ca"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Claudio.Paniconi@ete.inrs.ca}}> wrote:\
\
ciao Riccardo\
\
at EGU Stefan Kollet presented on Monday the latest results from\
the 2nd phase of the integrated hydrologic model intercomparison\
project. This phase was defined and started in Bonn about 2 years\
ago now (Jun 2013). Matteo Dall'Amico had participated in your\
place I think. The different modeling groups are at different\
stages of submission of their results for the 3 different test\
cases (tilted V-catchment, sloping plane with two heterogeneous\
slabs, and the Borden site in Ontario), so there is still a ways\
to go before this phase concludes. We were wondering whether you\
would be interested in participating with GEOtop (and have the\
possibility to do so - ie, someone to run the simulations - which\
is of course a problem that all the groups have).\
\
Giacomo was at the session and we discussed a bit with him, so\
I've put him in cc. Stefan can give you more precise information\
if you need. I will be in Cagliari on Monday and Tuesday next\
week, if you want to reach me by phone my cell. # is 347-0492530\
\
a presto\
Claudio\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs20 \cf6 \
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Forschungszentrum Juelich GmbH\
52425 Juelich\
Sitz der Gesellschaft: Juelich\
Eingetragen im Handelsregister des Amtsgerichts Dueren Nr. HR B 3498\
Vorsitzender des Aufsichtsrats: MinDir Dr. Karl Eugen Huthmacher\
Geschaeftsfuehrung: Prof. Dr.-Ing. Wolfgang Marquardt (Vorsitzender),\
Karsten Beneke (stellv. Vorsitzender), Prof. Dr.-Ing. Harald Bolt,\
Prof. Dr. Sebastian M. Schmidt\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf6 <problem definition revised superslab.pdf><problem definition revised v-catchment.ver1.1.pdf>\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \
--\
\
Giacomo Bertoldi, Ph.D\
\'a0\
EURAC research\
Institute for Alpine Environment\
Viale Druso 1, I-39100 Bolzano\
\
t +39 0471 055 314\
f +39 0471 055 399\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:giacomo.bertoldi@eurac.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 giacomo.bertoldi@eurac.edu}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.eurac.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 www.eurac.edu}}\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i\fs20 \cf4 La\'a0presente e-mail potrebbe contenere\'a0informazioni riservate al solo destinatario.\
Se\'a0avete ricevuto questa e-mail per errore, Vi\'a0preghiamo di avvertire subito il\'a0mittente e di\'a0cancellarla assieme agli eventuali allegati.\
A\'a0norma del Codice in materia di protezione dei\'a0dati personali, D.Lgs. 196/2003,\'a0qualsiasi uso,\'a0comunicazione o diffusione non autorizzata delle\'a0informazioni\'a0qui riportate \'e8 rigorosamente\'a0proibita, penalmente perseguibile ed idonea a\'a0condurre ad obblighi di risarcimento dei danni.
\i0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs54 \cf8 P
\f4\fs26 \'a0
\f5 Think before you print
\f0\fs24 \cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
}